Obi preview 1 (#95)
jhudsl/Reproducibility_in_Cancer_Informatics: 07-durable-code.Rmd

Author: I struggled with the penultimate exercise for this chapter (7.5.1). I was working off a version of the code from previous chapters (which I think should have been up to date) but it didn't quite match the "before" code I was meant to update. So, I downloaded the suggested project files (section 7.4). However, these seemed to match the "before" expectation even less well. I think they are actually the "after" solution.

Reviewer: ugh ... this commit is also not showing up

> 2 Use consistent notation for naming convention.  
> 3 Use standard terms.  
> 4 Do not number a variable name.  

> > 5 When you find another way to name a variable, refactor as fast as possible.  

Author: I'm not positive that I understand what this piece of advice is meant to convey

Reviewer: ugh github is being weird and not applying my change... will need to check this.. should have: When you find another word or term to replace and improve your variable name, refactor those code as soon as possible.

> > 5 When you find another way to name a variable, refactor as fast as possible.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 5 When you find another word or term to replace and improve your variable name, refactor those code as soon as possible.   
```
